[narrator] Legend tells
of a legendary warrior...
...whose kung fu skills
were the stuff of legend.
He traveled the land
in search of worthy foes.
[laughter,
indistinct chattering]
[whimpering]
I see you like to chew. Maybe
you should chew on my fist!
The warrior said nothing,
for his mouth was full.
Then he swallowed.
And then he spoke.
Enough talk.
Let's fight!
Shashabooey!
He was so deadly, in fact,
that his enemies would
go blind from overexposure
to pure awesomeness.
- My eyes!
- He's too awesome!
- And attractive.
- How can we repay you?
There is no charge
for awesomeness.
- Or attractiveness.
- [girl giggling]
Kablooey!
[narrator] It mattered not
how many foes he faced.
They were no match
for his bodacity!
Yah!
Never before had a panda
been so feared! And so loved.
Even the most heroic heroes
in all of China,
the Furious Five,
bowed in respect
to this great master.
- We should hang out.
- Agreed.
[all] Yiii!
[narrator] But hanging out
would have to wait.
Because when you're facing
the 10,000 demons
of Demon Mountain,
there's only one thing
that matters and that's...
Po! Get up!
You'll be late for work!
What?
[thumping]
[yawning]
[man]
Po! Get up!
[sighs]
[grunting]
[man] Po. What are
you doing up there?
Uh... nothing.
[grunting]
[yells]
Monkey! Mantis!
Crane! Viper! Tigress!
[roaring]
Uh...
[man] Po! Let's go!
You're late for work.
Coming!
- [grunting]
- [thumping footsteps]
- Sorry, Dad.
- Sorry doesn't
make the noodles.
What were you doing up there?
All that noise.
Oh. Nothing.
I just had a crazy dream.
- About what?
- Huh?
What were you dreaming about?
What was I...? Uh...
I was dreaming about...
...uh...
- ...noodles.
- Noodles?
You were really
dreaming about noodles?
Uh... yeah. What else
would I be dreaming about?
Oh! Careful!
That soup is sharp.
Oh, happy day! My son, finally
having the noodle dream!
You don't know how long I've
been waiting for this moment.
- This is a sign, Po.
- A sign of what?
You are almost ready
to be entrusted
with the secret ingredient
of my Secret Ingredient Soup.
And then you will
fulfill your destiny
and take over
the restaurant!
Just as I took it over
from my father,
who took it over
from his father...
...who won it
from a friend in mahjong.
- Dad, Dad, Dad,
it was just a dream.
- No, it was the dream.
We are noodle folk.
Broth runs through our veins.
But, Dad, didn't you ever
want to do something else?
Something besides noodles?
Actually, when I was
young and crazy,
I thought about running away
and learning how to make tofu.
So why didn't you?
Because it was a stupid dream.
Can you imagine
me making tofu?
[laughing] Tofu.
No! We all have
our place in this world.
Mine is here,
and yours is...
I know, is here.
No, it's at tables
2, 5, 7, and 12
Service with a smile.
[gong sounding]
[flute playing]
[grunting]
Well done, students... if you
were trying to disappoint me.
Tigress, you need more ferocity!
Monkey, greater speed.
Crane, height.
Viper, subtlety. Mantis...
- Master Shifu. Aah!
- What?!
It's Master Oogway.
He wants to see you.
[panting, exhaling slowly]
Master Oogway, you summoned me?
Is something wrong?
Why must something be wrong for
me to want to see my old friend?
So, nothing's wrong?
Well, I didn't say that.
[continues
blowing out candles]
- You were saying?
- I have had a vision.
Tai Lung will return.
[growling]
That is impossible!
He is in prison.
Nothing is impossible.
Zeng! Fly to Chorh-Gom prison
and tell them
to double the guards,
double their weapons,
double everything!
Tai Lung does not
leave that prison!
Yes, Master Shifu!
[squawks]
One often meets his destiny on
the road he takes to avoid it.
We have to do something!
We can't let him march on
the valley, take his revenge!
- He'll...
- Your mind is like
this water, my friend.
When it is agitated,
it becomes difficult to see.
But if you
allow it to settle...
...the answer becomes clear.
[Shifu]
The Dragon Scroll.
It is time.
But who?
Who is worthy
to be trusted with
the secret to limitless power?
To become
the Dragon Warrior?
I don't know.
Excuse me. Pardon me. Sorry.
- Hey, watch it, Po!
- Sorry. Suck it up!
- [babies crying]
- Oh!
Sorry. A thousand pardons.
- [gong sounding]
- What?
Master Oogway's choosing
the Dragon Warrior! Today!
Everyone! Everyone! Go!
Get to the Jade Palace!
One of the Five is gonna
get the Dragon Scroll!
We've been waiting 1,000 years
for this! Just take the bowl!
This is the greatest day
in kung fu history! Just go!
[man]
Po! Where are you going?
To the Jade Palace.
But you're forgetting
your noodle cart.
The whole valley
will be there,
and you'll sell noodles
to all of them.
Selling noodles?
But, Dad, you know,
I was kinda thinking, maybe I...
- Yeah?
- I was kinda
thinking maybe I...
Uh-huh?
...could also sell the bean
buns. They're about to go bad.
That's my boy!
I told you that dream
was a sign.
Yeah. [chuckles]
Glad I had it.
[up-tempo music plays]
- I'm a kung fu warrior!
- Me, too!
- There's spots at the top.
- Let's go.
- [gulps]
- [grunting]
[wheels squeaking]
[grunting, panting]
Come on. Come on!
Almost there.
What?
No! Oh, no!
- Sorry, Po.
- We'll bring you back
a souvenir.
No. I'll bring me back
It is an historic day.
Isn't it, Master Oogway?
Yes, and one I feared
I would not live to see.
Are your students ready?
Yes, Master Oogway.
Know this, old friend.
Whomever I choose will not only
bring peace to the valley...
...but also to you.
- Let the tournament begin!
- [cheering]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Yeah. [chuckles]
- [door creaking]
- Oh, no, no, wait!
I'm coming! Wait, wait! Yes!
Hey! Open the door!
Let me in!
[Shifu]
Citizens of the Valley of Peace,
it is my great honor
to present to you...Tigress!
Viper! Crane! Monkey! Mantis!
- The Furious Five!
- [chortling]
Yeah, the Furious Five!
[grunting]
[Shifu]
Warriors, prepare!
Wait. No. Oh, peeky-hole.
- [Shifu] Ready for battle!
- Yeah.
The Thousand Tongues of Fire.
[chuckling]
[man]
Whoa. Look at that.
Hey! Get out of the way!
Oh!
[laughing]
[screams, thumping]
[moaning]
[grunts] Ow!
Oh...
Oh! [groaning]
[crowd cheering]
[Shifu] And, finally,
Master Tigress!
And believe me, citizens,
you have not seen anything yet.
I know!
[Shifu] Master Tigress!
Face Iron Ox
and his Blades of Death.
[groans]
[crowd gasping] Oh!
I sense the Dragon Warrior
is among us.
Citizens of the
Valley of Peace,
Master Oogway will now choose
the Dragon Warrior!
Huh?! Oh, no! No, no, wait!
Yeah.
[laughing]
Po! What are you doing?!
What does it look like
I'm doing?! Stop!
I'm going to see
the Dragon Warrior!
But I don't understand. You
finally had the noodle dream!
I lied. I don't dream
about noodles, Dad.
I love kung fu!
[sniffling]
Oh, come on, son.
Let's get back to work.
[sighs deeply] OK.
Ahhh!
Oh! Come back!
[screaming]
[all] Oooh. Ahh.
Uh-oh.
[Po groans]
What's going on?
Where, uh...?
What are you pointing...?
Oh!
OK. Sorry.
I just wanted to see
who the Dragon Warrior was.
How interesting.
Master, are you
pointing at me?
- Him.
- Who?
- You.
- Me?
The universe has brought us
the Dragon Warrior!
- What?
- [both] What?!
- What?!
[up-tempo music plays]
Stop, wait! Who told you to...?
[straining]
Master Oogway, wait.
That flabby panda can't possibly
be the answer to our problem.
You were about to point at
Tigress, and that thing
fell in front of her!
That was just
an accident!
There are no accidents.
[grunting]
[straining]
Forgive us, Master.
We have failed you.
No. If the panda
has not quit by morning
then I will have failed you.
[Zeng] Oh! Ahh! Oh! Oooh!
Wait! Wait, wait, wait!
I bring a message...
...from Master Shifu.
What?! "Double the guard?!"
"Extra precautions?!"
"Your prison may not
be adequate?!"
[chuckling nervously]
You doubt
my prison security?!
Absolutely not.
Shifu does.
I'm just the messenger.
I'll give you a message
for your Master Shifu.
Escape from Chorh-Gom prison
is impossible!
- Oooh!
- [laughter]
Impressive, isn't it?
It's very impressive.
One way in, one way out.
One thousand guards
and one prisoner.
Yes, except
that prisoner...
...is Tai Lung.
Take us down.
- What are you doing?
- [laughing]
Oh, my.
- [chains clanking]
- [chuckling nervously]
[man] Behold Tai Lung.
I'll, um...
I'm just gonna wait right here.
It's nothing to worry about.
It's perfectly safe.
- Crossbows! At the ready!
- Crossbows?
Hey, tough guy,
did you hear?
Oogway's finally gonna
give someone the Dragon Scroll,
and it's not gonna be you.
What are you doing?
Don't get him mad.
What's he
gonna do about it?
I've got him
completely immobilized.
[laughing] Oh!
Did I step on the
wittle kitty's tail? Aw.
I'm good. I've seen enough.
I'll tell Shifu he's
got nothing to worry about.
- No, he doesn't.
- OK, I'll tell him that.
Can we please go now?
[crowd chanting]
Dragon Warrior! Dragon Warrior!
Wait a second!
I think there's been
a slight mistake.
Everyone seems
to think that I'm, uh...
Ooh! The Sacred Hall
of Warriors! No way!
Look at this place. [gasping]
Master Flying Rhino's armor,
with authentic battle damage!
Whoa!
The Sword of Heroes!
Said to be so sharp you can
cut yourself just by looking.
Ow!
[gasping] The Invisible
Trident of Destiny!
I've only seen paintings
of that painting.
[giddy laughter]
[gasps] No!
Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho!
The legendary Urn
of Whispering Warriors.
Said to contain the souls
of the entire Tenshu Army.
Hello.
[Shifu] Have you
finished sight-seeing?
Sorry, I should have
come to see you first.
- My patience is wearing thin.
- Oh.
Well, I mean, it's not
like you were going anywhere.
- Would you turn around?
- Sure.
Hey. How's it going?
How do you get 5,000...
Master Shifu!
- Oh!
- [moaning emanating from urn]
Someone... broke that.
But I'm gonna fix it.
Do you have some...
...glue?
Ow! I have a splinter.
So you're the legendary
Dragon Warrior, hmm?
- Uh, I guess so.
- Wrong!
You are not the Dragon Warrior.
You will never be the
Dragon Warrior until...
...you have learned the secret
of the Dragon Scroll.
Whoa.
So, how does this work?
Do you have a ladder,
or a trampoline, or...?
[chuckles]
You think it's that easy?
That I'm just gonna
hand you the secret
- to limitless power?
- No, I...
One must first master
the highest level of kung fu.
And that is clearly impossible
if that one is someone like you.
- Someone like me?
- Yes, look at you!
- This fat butt! Flabby arms!
- Ouch!
Those are sensitive
in the flabby parts.
- And this ridiculous belly.
- Hey!
And utter disregard
for personal hygiene.
Now, wait a minute.
That's uncalled for.
Don't stand that close.
I can smell your breath.
Listen,
Oogway said I was...
The Wuxi Finger Hold.
Not the Wuxi Finger Hold!
Oh, you know this hold?
Developed by Master Wuxi
in the Third Dynasty. Yes.
Oh. Then you know what happens
when I flex my pinky.
- [gasping] No, no!
- You know the hardest
part of this?
The hardest part
is cleaning up afterwards.
OK, OK, take it easy.
Now listen closely,
panda.
Oogway may have picked you,
but when I'm through with you,
I promise you, you're going to
wish he hadn't! Are we clear?
Yeah, we're clear.
We're clear. We're so clear.
Good. [chuckles]
I can't wait to get started.
[indistinct shouts]
[grunting]
Ooh!
Ow! Ooh! Ow!
- Let's begin.
- Wait, wait, wait.
What?
- Now?
- Yes, now.
Unless the great
Oogway was wrong,
and you are not
the Dragon Warrior.
Oh, OK, well...
I don't know if I can
do all of those moves.
Well, if we don't try,
we'll never know, will we?
Yeah, it's just, maybe
we can find something
more suited to my level.
- And what level is that?
- Well, I'm not a master, but...
...let's just start at zero.
Level zero.
No. There is no such thing
as level zero.
- Maybe I can start with that.
- That?
We use that
for training children
and propping the door
open when it's hot.
But if you insist...
[Po] Whoa. The Furious Five!
You're so much bigger
than your action figures.
Except for you, Mantis.
You're about the same.
Go ahead, panda.
Show us what you can do.
Um, are they gonna watch,
or should I wait
till they get back to work?
Hit it.
OK, yeah. I mean, I just ate.
Um... So I'm still digesting.
So my kung fu might not
be as good as... later on.
- Just hit it.
- All right.
What you got? You got nothing,
'cause I got it right here.
You picking on my friends?
Get ready to feel the thunder.
I'm coming at you with
crazy feet. What you gonna do?
Come on. I'm a blur.
You've never seen bear style.
You've only seen praying mantis.
Or monkey style.
[screeching]
Or I could come at you
snickety-snake.
- Would you hit it!
- All right. All right.
Why don't you try again?
A little harder.
How's that?
Whoa!
- [all gasp]
- [moaning]
Ow! That hurts.
[screams in slow-motion]
This will be easier
than I thought.
I'm feeling a little nauseous!
Ow! Those are hard!
Oh! [moaning]
My tenders.
[groaning]
Uh-oh. Ahhh!
How did I do?
There is now
a level zero.
- [Mantis] There's no words.
- [Crane] No denying that.
[Viper] What was
Master Oogway thinking?
The poor guy's just gonna
get himself killed.
He is so mighty!
The Dragon Warrior fell out of
the sky on a ball of fire!
When he walks,
the very ground shakes!
One would think
Master Oogway
would choose someone
who actually knew kung fu.
Yeah, or could at least
touch his toes.
- Or even see his toes.
- [laughter]
[straining]
- [thumping]
- Ow!
- OK.
- [floor squeaking]
Great.
[wood breaking]
- Hi. You're up.
- I am now.
I was just... uh...
Some day, huh?
That kung fu stuff is hard work,
right? Are your biceps sore?
I've had a long and rather
disappointing day, so, uh...
Yeah, I should probably
get to sleep now.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course.
- OK, thanks.
It's just...
Man, I'm such a big fan!
You guys were amazing
at the Battle of Weeping River.
Outnumbered a thousand to one,
but you didn't stop. You just...
- [yelling]
- [wall ripping]
Sorry about that.
Look, you don't belong here.
I know. I know. You're right.
I don't have... I just...
My whole life I dreamed of...
No, I meant you don't belong
here. I mean, in this room.
This is my room.
Property of Crane.
Oh. OK. Right, right.
[clears throat] So, yeah,
you want to get to sleep.
- Yeah.
- I'm keeping you up.
We got big things tomorrow.
All right. You're awesome. Last
thing I'm gonna say. Bye-bye.
Whoa.
What was that?
I didn't say anything.
OK. All right. Good night.
Sleep well.
That seemed
a little bit awkward.
Master Tigress!
I didn't mean to wake you.
- You don't belong here.
- Yeah, of course.
This is your room.
I mean, you don't belong
in the Jade Palace.
You're a disgrace to kung fu,
and if you have
any respect for who we are
and what we do,
you will be gone by morning.
Big fan!
I see you have found the Sacred
Peach Tree of Heavenly Wisdom.
Oooh!
Is that what this is?
I am so sorry.
I thought it was just
a regular peach tree.
I understand. You eat
when you are upset.
Upset? I'm not upset.
What makes you think I'm upset?
So why are you so upset?
[exhales] I probably
sucked more today
than anyone in
the history of kung fu.
In the history of China.
In the history of sucking!
- Probably.
- And the Five!
Man, you should've seen them!
They totally hate me.
- Totally.
- How is Shifu ever going to
turn me into the Dragon Warrior?
I mean, I'm not like the Five.
I've got no claws,
no wings, no venom.
Even Mantis has those...
thingies.
Maybe I should just quit
and go back to making noodles.
Quit, don't quit.
Noodles, don't noodles.
You are too concerned with
what was and what will be.
There's a saying:
Yesterday is history,
tomorrow is a mystery,
but today is a gift.
That is why
it is called the present.
[breathing deeply]
[grunting]
- Oh, no!
- What's happening?!
[man] To your battle stations!
Go! Go! Go!
[snarling]
Fire crossbows!
Fire!
Tai Lung is free!
I must warn Shifu.
- You're not going anywhere!
Neither is he!
- Let go of me!
Bring it up!
Wait! Bring it back!
[neck cracking]
- He's coming this way!
- He won't get far. Archers!
[both laughing]
- [indistinct shouting]
- [snarling]
[snarling]
[both growling]
Ahh!
We're dead.
So very, very dead.
Not yet we're not. Now!
- [snarling]
- [all gasp]
[laughing]
- Can we run now?
- Yes.
[all screaming]
[groaning]
- [swallows loudly]
- [breathing deeply]
I'm glad Shifu sent you.
I was beginning to think
I'd been forgotten.
Fly back there
and tell them...
...the real Dragon Warrior
is coming home.
[shuddering, panting]
[all] Good morning, Master!
Panda! Panda!
Wake up!
[chortling] He's quit.
What do we do now, Master,
with the panda gone?
Who will be
the Dragon Warrior?
All we can do is resume our
training and trust that in time,
the true Dragon Warrior
will be revealed.
What are you doing here?!
Hi! Good morning, Master!
I thought I'd
warm up a little.
[straining]
You're stuck.
Stuck? Nah.
What? Stuck?
[scoffing]
Nah. This is one of my...
Yeah, I'm stuck.
- Help him.
- Oh, dear.
Maybe on three.
One, two...
...three.
- Thank you.
- Don't mention it.
- No, really, I appreciate...
- Ever.
You actually thought
you could learn to do
a full split in one night?
It takes years to develop
one's flexibility!
And years longer
to apply it in combat!
Ooh...
Put that down! The only
souvenirs we collect here
are bloody knuckles
and broken bones.
Yeah! [chuckling]
Excellent.
Let's get started.
- Are you ready?
- I was born re...
Ow! [grunting]
I'm sorry, brother. I thought
you said you were ready.
That was awesome!
Let's go again!
Ow! Oh!
Ahh!
Ohhh.
[grunting] Ah... Ow!
[chuckling]
I've been taking it easy on you,
panda. But no more.
Your next opponent will be me.
All right! Yeah, let's go!
Step forth.
The true path to victory is to
find your opponent's weakness...
...and make him
suffer for it.
Oh, yeah!
To take his strength
and use it against him...
...until he finally falls...
...or quits.
But a real warrior
never quits.
Don't worry, Master.
I will never quit!
[screaming]
Ow! Ow!
If he's smart, he won't
come back up those steps.
But he will.
He's not going to quit,
is he?
He's not going to quit bouncing,
I'll tell you that.
[laughing]
[Po] Oh! Ooh! Ah! Ooh!
[exclaiming]
I thought you said acupuncture
would make me feel better.
Trust me, it will.
It's just not easy
finding the right nerve points
under all this...
- Fat?
- Fur. I was going to say fur.
- Sure you were.
- Who am I to judge a warrior
based on his size?
I mean, look at me.
- I'm over here.
- Ah-ha!
Maybe you should
look at this again.
Oh, OK.
[Po] Ow! [laughing]
Stop it. Stop!
I know Master Shifu is trying
to inspire me and all...
...but if I
didn't know better,
I'd say he was trying
to get rid of me.
[laughing]
I know he can seem
kind of heartless...
...but he wasn't
always like that.
[Viper] According to legend,
there was once a time
when Master Shifu
actually used to smile.
- [Po] No!
- [Mantis] Yes.
[Viper]
But that was before.
Before what?
Before Tai Lung.
We're not really supposed
to talk about him.
Well, if he's going to
stay here, he should know.
Guys, guys,
I know about Tai Lung.
He was a student.
The first ever to master
the thousand scrolls of kung fu.
And then he turned bad,
and now he's in jail.
He wasn't just a student.
Shifu found him as a cub...
...and he raised him
as his son.
And when the boy showed
talent in kung fu...
...Shifu trained him.
He believed in him. He told him
he was destined for greatness.
It was never enough
for Tai Lung.
He wanted the Dragon Scroll.
But Oogway saw darkness
in his heart and refused.
Outraged, Tai Lung
laid waste to the valley.
He tried to take
the scroll by force.
And Shifu had to destroy
what he had created.
But how could he?
[panting]
Shifu loved Tai Lung like he
had never loved anyone before.
Or since.
And now he has a chance
to make things right.
To train the
true Dragon Warrior.
And he's stuck with you.
A big fat panda
who treats it like a joke.
- Oh, that is it!
- Wait! My fault!
I accidentally tweaked
his facial nerve.
And may have also
stopped his heart.
Inner peace.
Inner...
Would whoever is making
that flapping sound quiet down?!
Inner...
- [squawks]
- Hmm...
Oh, Zeng.
Excellent.
I could use some
good news right now.
Uhhh...
- Master! Master!
- Hmm?
I have... It's...
It's very bad news.
Ahh, Shifu.
There is just news.
There is no good or bad.
Master, your vision.
Your vision was right.
Tai Lung has broken out of
prison. He's on his way.
That is bad news...
...if you do not believe that
the Dragon Warrior can stop him.
The panda? Master, that panda
is not the Dragon Warrior.
He wasn't meant to be here!
It was an accident.
There are no accidents.
[sighing heavily] Yes, I know.
You've said that already.
- Twice.
- Well, that was
no accident, either.
Thrice.
My old friend,
the panda will never fulfill
his destiny, nor you yours,
until you let go
of the illusion of control.
Illusion?
Yes. Look at
this tree, Shifu.
I cannot make it blossom
when it suits me,
nor make it bear fruit
before its time.
But there are things
we can control.
I can control
when the fruit will fall.
- [grunts]
- [chuckles]
And I can control...
...where to plant the seed.
That is no illusion, Master.
Ah, yes.
But no matter what you do
that seed will grow
to be a peach tree.
You may wish for
an apple or an orange,
but you will get a peach.
But a peach cannot
defeat Tai Lung!
Maybe it can.
If you are willing to guide it.
To nurture it.
To believe in it.
But how? How?
I need your help, Master.
No, you just need to believe.
Promise me, Shifu.
Promise me you will believe.
I will try.
Good.
My time has come.
You must continue
your journey without me.
What are you...? Wait!
Master!
You can't leave me!
You must believe.
Master!
[Po] Yeah, so I'm like,
"Fine, you may be a wolf,
you may be the scariest bandit
in Haijin Province...
...but you're a lousy tipper."
Really? So how did you
get out of there alive?
I mean, I didn't
actually say that...
...but I thought it...
...in my mind.
If he could read my mind,
he'd have been, like, "What?"
Order up!
Hope you like it.
- This is really good!
- No, come on.
Try my dad's
Secret Ingredient Soup.
He actually knows
the secret ingredient.
What do you talking about?
This is amazing!
[Crane] Wow, you're a good cook.
[Mantis] I wish
my mouth was bigger.
Tigress,
you've got to try this.
It is said that the Dragon
Warrior can survive for months
on nothing but the dew of
a single ginkgo leaf and
the energy of the universe.
I guess my body doesn't know
it's the Dragon Warrior yet.
I'm gonna need a lot more
than dew and universe juice.
[all laughing]
- What?
- Oh, nothing... Master Shifu.
[all laughing]
[imitating Shifu] You'll
never be the Dragon Warrior
- unless you lose 500 pounds
and brush your teeth!
- [laughter]
What is that noise
you're making?
Laughter?
I never heard of it!
Work hard, panda,
and maybe someday...
...you will have ears like mine.
- That's good.
- [laughter stops]
Ears. It's not working for you?
I thought they were pretty good.
- It's Shifu!
- Of course.
What do you think I'm doing?
Oooh!
Master Shifu!
[laughter]
[Shifu] You think this is funny?
Tai Lung has escaped,
and you're acting like children!
- What?
- He is coming
for the Dragon Scroll,
and you are the only one
who can stop him.
[laughing]
And here I am,
saying you got
no sense of humor.
I'm gonna...
stop Tai Lung.
What? You're serious?
And I have to...?
[stammering] Master Oogway
will stop him, he did before.
- He'll do it again.
- Oogway cannot!
- Not anymore.
- [all gasping]
Our only hope
is the Dragon Warrior.
- The panda?
- Yes, the panda!
Master, let us
stop Tai Lung.
This is what
you've trained us for.
No! It is not your destiny
to defeat Tai Lung.
It is his!
Where'd he go?
[screaming]
You cannot leave!
A real warrior never quits.
Watch me.
Come on. How am I
supposed to beat Tai Lung?
I can't even
beat you to the stairs.
- You will beat him because
you are the Dragon Warrior.
- Ow!
You don't believe that. Oh!
You never believed that.
From the first moment
I got here, you've been
trying to get rid of me.
Yes! I was.
But now I ask you
to trust in your master
as I have come
to trust in mine.
[grunts] You're not my master.
And I'm not the Dragon Warrior.
Then why didn't you quit?!
You knew I was trying to get
rid of you, yet you stayed.
Yeah, I stayed.
I stayed because every time
you threw a brick at my head
or said I smelled, it hurt,
but it could never hurt more
than it did every day
of my life just being me.
I stayed because I thought,
if anyone could change me...
...could make me... not me...
...it was you.
The greatest kung fu teacher
in all of China!
But I can change you!
I can turn you into
the Dragon Warrior! And I will!
Come on. Tai Lung is
on his way here right now.
Even if it takes him
a hundred years to get here,
how are you...
...gonna change this
into the Dragon Warrior, huh?
How?
- How?!
- I don't know!
I don't know.
That's what I thought.
This is what you trained me for.
[Viper] Tigress!
Don't try and stop me.
[Viper] We're not
trying to stop you.
- What?
- We're coming with you!
[Po yells]
[yells]
[yelling continues]
[shouting]
[burping]
What? I eat when I'm upset, OK?
Oh. No need to explain.
I just thought
you might be Monkey.
He hides his almond cookies
on the top shelf.
[gasping]
[dishes clattering]
Don't tell Monkey.
- Look at you.
- Yeah, I know, I disgust you.
No, I mean,
how did you get up there?
I don't know. I guess that...
I don't know.
I was getting a cookie.
And yet you are ten feet
off the ground.
And you have done
a perfect spilt.
No, this? This is just...
...an accident.
- [shouts]
- [crashing]
There are no accidents.
Come with me.
[Po panting heavily]
I know you're trying to be
all mystical and kung fuey...
...but could you at least
tell me where we're going?
[panting heavily]
You dragged me...
...all the way out here...
...for a bath?
Panda... we do not wash our pits
in the Pool of Sacred Tears.
Huh?
The Pool of...
This is where Oogway
unraveled the mysteries...
...of harmony and focus.
This is the birthplace...
...of kung fu.
[gasps]
Do you want to learn kung fu?
- Yeah!
- Then I am your master!
OK! [sniffs]
Don't cry.
OK. [sniffing]
When you focus
on kung fu,
when you concentrate...
you stink.
But, perhaps, that is my fault.
I cannot train you the way
I have trained the Five.
I now see that the way
to get through to you...
...is with this.
- Oh, great, 'cause I am hungry.
- Good.
When you have been trained,
you may eat.
Let us begin.
[Po grunting]
Whoa! Oh... [yells]
[shouting]
Yah! Yah!
Ow!
Yah!
- [Shifu] After you, panda.
- Just like that?
No sit-ups? No ten-mile hike?
I vowed to train you,
and you have been trained.
You are free to eat.
Enjoy.
- Hey!
- [munching]
I said you are free to eat.
Have a dumpling.
Hey!
You are free to eat.
- Am I?!
- Are you?!
Whooaa...
[laughing]
Whoo!
Ow! Ow!
[both grunting]
[panting]
[both shouting]
[chortles]
I'm not hungry.
Master.
[panting]
[growling]
Cut it!
Where's the
Dragon Warrior?
- How do you know
you're not looking at her?
- [laughing]
You think I'm a fool?
I know you're not the
Dragon Warrior. None of you!
I heard how he fell out
of the sky on a ball of fire.
That he's a warrior
unlike anything
the world has ever seen.
- Po?
- So that is his name. Po.
Finally, a worthy opponent.
- Our battle will be legendary!
- [snarling]
- [grunts]
- [shouts]
We've got this. Help her.
- Monkey!
- Go!
What was I thinking?!
[shouts]
Mantis!
Now!
- [screaming]
- Ah!
[thumping]
- [gasping]
- Shifu taught you well.
But he didn't
teach you everything.
[Shifu]
You have done well, panda.
Done well? Done well?
I've done awesome!
The mark of a true hero
is humility.
- But, yes, you have done...
- Ow!
...awesome.
[both laughing]
- [footsteps approaching]
- Huh?
Guys? Guys?!
They're dead!
No, they're breathing. They're
asleep? No, their eyes are open.
We were no match
for his nerve attach.
He's gotten stronger.
Who? Tai Lung? Stronger?
He's too fast!
Sorry, Po.
- I thought we could stop him.
- He could have killed you.
[groaning]
Why didn't he?
So you could come back and
strike fear into our hearts.
- But it won't work.
- It might. I mean, a little.
I'm pretty scared.
You can defeat him, panda!
Are you kidding?
If they can't?!
They're five masters.
I'm just one me.
But you will have the one thing
that no one else does.
You really believe
I'm ready?
You are...
...Po.
Behold the Dragon Scroll.
It is yours.
Wait. What happens
when I read it?
No one knows. But legend says
you will be able to hear
a butterfly's wing beat.
Whoa. Really? That's cool.
Yes. And see light
in the deepest cave.
You will feel the universe
in motion around you.
Wow! Can I
punch through walls?
- Do a quadruple back flip?
- Focus.
- Will I have...?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
Read it, Po,
and fulfill your destiny.
Read it and become...
...the Dragon Warrior.
Whoa!
[straining]
It's impossible to open.
OK. Come on, baby.
Come on now.
- [top pops]
- Thank you.
I probably loosened it up
for you though.
[clears throat]
OK, here goes.
- [screaming]
- [all gasp]
- It's blank.
- What?!
Here, look.
No, I am forbidden
to look upon...
Blank. I don't...
I don't understand.
OK. So, like...
...Oogway was just
a crazy old turtle after all.
No. Oogway was wiser
than us all.
Oh, come on! Face it,
he picked me by accident.
Of course I'm not the Dragon
Warrior. Who am I kidding?
[Tigress]
But who will stop Tai Lung?
[Crane] He'll destroy
everything and everyone.
No.
Evacuate the valley.
You must protect the villagers
from Tai Lung's rage.
- What about you, Master?
- I will fight him.
- What?
- I can hold him off long enough
- for everyone to escape.
- But, Shifu, he'll kill you.
Then I will finally have paid
for my mistake.
Listen to me, all of you.
It is time for you to continue
your journey without me.
I am very proud
to have been your master.
We've got to
get them out safely.
Come, little one.
Let's find your mama.
Viper, gather the southern
farmers. Mantis, the north.
Crane, light the way.
Look, it's the
Dragon Warrior.
[exhaling deeply]
Hey, Dad.
Po!
Good to have you back, son.
Good to be back.
Let's go, Po.
So for our next shop,
it's time to face it...
...the future of noodles
is dice-cut vegetables...
...no longer slices.
Also, I was thinking,
maybe this time
we'll have a kitchen
you can actually stand up in.
You like that?
Po, I'm sorry
if things didn't work out.
It just
wasn't meant to be.
Po, forget everything else.
Your destiny still awaits.
We are noodle folk. Broth runs
deep through our veins.
I don't know, Dad.
Honestly, sometimes I can't
believe I'm actually your son.
[chuckles] Po...
...I think it's time
I told you something
I should have told you...
- ...a long time ago.
- OK.
The secret ingredient
of my Secret Ingredient Soup.
Oh.
Come here.
The secret ingredient is...
- ...nothing.
- Huh?
You heard me. Nothing!
There is no secret ingredient!
Wait, wait.
It's just plain old noodle soup?
You don't add some kind of
special sauce or something?
Don't have to.
To make something special,
you just believe it's special.
There is no secret ingredient.
[thunderclap]
[thunder rumbling]
I have come home, Master.
This is no longer your home.
And I am no longer your master.
Oh, yes.
You have a new favorite.
So where is this Po?
[chuckles]
Did I scare him off?
This battle is
between you and me.
So, that is how
it's going to be.
That is how it must be.
[growling]
[shouting]
I rotted in jail for 20 years
because of your weakness!
Obeying your master
is not weakness!
You knew I was
the Dragon Warrior.
You always knew.
But when Oogway said otherwise,
what did you do?
What did you do?!
- Nothing!
- You were not meant
to be the Dragon Warrior!
That was not my fault!
Not your fault?!
Who filled my head with dreams?!
Who drove me to train
until my bones cracked?!
Who denied me my destiny?!
- It was never
my decision to make!
- [snarls]
It is now.
Give me the scroll!
I would rather die.
[straining, grunts]
[both shouting]
[snarling]
All I ever did,
I did to make you proud!
Tell me
how proud you are, Shifu!
- Tell me!
- [grunting]
Tell me!
I have...
I have always been proud of you.
From the first moment,
I've been...
...proud of you.
And it was my pride...
...that blinded me.
I loved you too much to see
what you were becoming...
...what I...
...was turning you into.
I'm...
I'm sorry.
[snarling]
I don't want your apology.
I want my scroll!
What?!
Where is it?!
Dragon Warrior
has taken the scroll
halfway across China by now.
You will never see
that scroll, Tai Lung.
Never.
[straining] Never.
[Po] Hey!
[breathing heavily]
Stairs.
Who are you?
Buddy, I am the Dragon Warrior.
[panting]
You? [chuckles]
Him? He's a panda.
You're a panda. What are you
gonna do, big guy? Sit on me?
Don't tempt me. No.
I'm gonna use this.
You want it? Come and get it.
- Oh!
- Finally!
[chuckles]
Yaaa! Whooo!
- [growling]
- Ooh... [screams]
- [snarls]
- [chuckles]
That scroll is mine!
[both shouting]
Oh!
[screaming]
[crashing]
Whoa!
Lightning!
Aah! [chortling]
[shouting]
[gasps]
[Tai Lung]
The scroll has given him power!
No!
- Oh!
- [growls]
[panting]
Finally! Oh, yes.
The power of the
Dragon Scroll is mine!
It's nothing!
It's OK. I didn't get it
the first time, either.
What?
There is no secret ingredient.
It's just you.
- [roaring]
- [screams]
[laughing]
Stop it!
I'm gonna pee.
[laughing] Don't.
- Don't! Don't!
- Yahhh!
[meowing]
[roaring]
Oh!
[screaming]
You...
...can't defeat me.
...you're just a big...
...fat...
...panda!
I'm not a big fat panda.
I'm the big fat panda.
The Wuxi Finger Hold!
Oh, you know this hold?
You're bluffing.
Shifu didn't teach you that.
Nope.
I figured it out. Skadoosh.
- [all gasping]
- [wind howling]
[chattering indistinctly]
Look!
The Dragon Warrior.
[coughing]
[all cheering]
That's my boy! That big lovely
kung fu warrior is my son!
Yes!
Thanks, Dad.
Hey, guys.
Master.
[all] Master.
Master?
Master Shifu!
[panting]
Master!
Shifu, are you OK?!
[grunts] Po.
You're alive.
- Or we're both dead.
- No, Master, I didn't die.
- I defeated Tai Lung.
- You did?
Wow. It is as Oogway foretold.
You are the Dragon Warrior.
You have brought peace...
...to this valley...
...and...
...and to me.
Thank you.
Thank you, Po.
Thank you. Thank you.
No! Master! No, no, no,
don't die, Shifu, please!
I'm not dying, you idiot!
Dragon Warrior...
...I am simply at peace.
Finally.
Oh! So, I should stop talking?
If you can.
Want to get
something to eat?
[sighing deeply]
Yeah.
[ Cee-Lo Green and Jack Black:
Kung Fu Fighting]
Everybody is
kung fu fighting
Your mind becomes
fast as lightning
Although the future
is a little bit frightening
A little bit frightening
It's the book of your life
that you're writing
Everybody is
kung fu fighting
Your mind becomes
fast as lightning
Although the future
is a little bit frightening
A little bit frightening
It's the book of your life
that you're writing
Life that you're writing
You are a natural
Why is it so hard to see?
Maybe it's just because
You keep on looking at me
The journey's a lonely one
So much more than we know
But sometimes
you've got to go
Go on and be your own hero
Everybody is
kung fu fighting
Kung fu fighting
Your mind becomes
fast as lightning
Although the future
is a little bit frightening
A little bit frightening
It's the book of your life
that you're writing
Life that you're writing
You're a diamond in the rough
A brilliant ball of clay
You could be a work of art
If you just go all the way
Now what would it
take to break?
I believe that you can bend
Not only do you
have to fight
But you have got to win
'Cause everybody
is kung fu fighting
Kung fu fighting
Your mind becomes
fast as lightning
Although the future
is a little bit frightening
A little bit frightening
It's the book of your life
that you're writing
Life that you're writing
You're a diamond
in the rough
A brilliant ball of clay
You could be a work of art
If you just go all the way
Now what would
it take to break?
I believe that you can bend
Not only do you have to fight
But you have got to win
'Cause everybody
is kung fu fighting
Kung fu fighting
Your mind becomes
fast as lightning
Although the future
is a little bit frightening
A little bit frightening
It's the book of your life
that you're writing